it is a high quality product but also new
well paid factory jobs
steel doors toris dynamically
developing in our region already more
twenty years thanks to his activities
annual regional budget comes in
more than 300 million rubles more in
Elena material pereslegin and plant
toreks one of the largest manufacturers
in Russia daily from the conveyor sale
more than 2,000 steel doors enters
Saratov enterprise based on
three sites and today launched
completely new logistics complex
which allows you to solve a series
strategic tasks packed racks with
will be in order to place orders
on shipment directly on these
columns
warehouse at the same time holds about 20
thousand new doors
It is also equipped with four shipping
terminals fleet loaders and
platform for large
transport opening logistic
center is the second stage of modernization
enterprises focused on
re-expansion plant ready
The product is produced in domestic and
foreign steel coils
supplied from Lipetsk that allows
save resources make doors
high quality from exactly 100 species
pumps gives us the opportunity
make doors with minimal
waste bullets there for 2 or even five thousand
cheaper than
sheet steel well and the third is high
manufacturing performance
our our products mary company
torex is implemented in more than 80 regions
countries according to official enterprises
plays a huge role in
social and economic development of the region
this is a decent wage
the second is taxes
okay 300 million only in
the regional budget is paid by the company
tori and third over this product
working a lot of people also on
the company has a mobile table
orders
minibus while runs only
Saratov region
but plans to purchase another
car to travel to the capital such
table order allows you to measure
doors and place order in convenient for
inhabitants place elena pereslegin alexey
fedin ren tv Saratov